Extend the development documentation page (#641)
XanaduAI/pennylane: doc/development/guide/documentation.rst

The introductory 'quickstarts'.
    These are short, referential guides designed to quickly
    guide new users around the core functionality of PennyLane, and show available functions and classes.
    These are summaries, *not* full-form tutorials; all :ref:`code examples are minimal <code_examples>`,
    and readers should be directed to function/class docstrings for more details.

    All introductory quickstarts are in ``doc/introduction``, formatted as reStructuredText documents.

Developer guides.
    Similar to the introductory quickstarts, but focused on information
    regarding how to contribute to the PennyLane codebase.

    Developer guides are in ``doc/development``, formatted as reStructuredText documents.

The API.
    Automatically generated from docstrings in the PennyLane sourced code. Code stubs, one per
    module, are placed in ``doc/code``. The Sphinx extension
    `sphinx-automodapi <https://github.com/astropy/sphinx-automodapi>`__ is then used
    to automatically generate API documentation pages for public classes and functions
    in ``doc/code/api``.

    PennyLane displays the API using the **import path** --- rather than absolute path

>     --- of the documented code object.

Author: We can't claim adherence to AP style? :laughing:

are automatically extracted and rendered by Sphinx, and inserted into the
:doc:`API </code/qml>` section of the documentation.

Guiding principles
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Below, we list some general guidelines, before discussing required docstring styles and formatting
for various PennyLane objects.

* **Be clear and concise, and avoid redundant information.** Favour clarity over completeness; too
  much information can distract from conveying the functionality of the code unit.
  Assume the reader has basic domain knowledge, and provide links to internal/external resources
  where deemed necessary.

* **Be mindful with ReST markup**. Overly complex formatting can make the content difficult
  to read for users viewing the docstring in a terminal/Jupyter environment. Try to also avoid
  complex formatting such as tables, which can be difficult to maintain over time.

* **Do not assume the reader can view the accompanying code.** The reader will most likely
  be viewing the docstring via the Sphinx-rendered website, or in a terminal/Jupyter environment.
  For documenting how the code itself works, favour comments.

> * **Cross reference where applicable.** Use the roles ``:class:``, ``:func:``, ``:attr:``,

Author: Done

  ``:meth:``, and ``:mod:`` where applicable to have Sphinx automatically include a cross-reference
  to the specified code object.

  For example:

>   .. code-block:: rest

Reviewer: <img src="https://thumbs.gfycat.com/ConsiderateUnkemptKingfisher-size_restricted.gif">

Author: lol

      The recommended method of creating a QNodeCollection is via :func:`~.map`.

  Here, ``~`` instructs Sphinx to display just the object name, as opposed to the full absolute path
  of the object (``pennylane.map()``). To use custom text, you may use the syntax
  ``:func:`map function <~.map>```.

> * **Favour document links over reference links.** If linking to a particular page, use

Reviewer: I wouldn't even say "favour". If the `:doc:` option is available, we should use it!

  ``:doc:`relative/path/filename``` or ``:doc:`/absolute/path/filename``` rather than ``:ref:``.

Modules
~~~~~~~

Every module should begin with the license boilerplate, followed by a module docstring.

The module docstring must contain a short, single sentence summary of the module, followed
by an (optional) multi-line description of the contents and usage.

.. code-block:: rest

    """
    Single sentence that summarizes the module and its contents.

    Optional multi-line description. Make sure to focus on functionality first and
    foremost, and implementation details or background theory afterwards if required.
    """

Do not manually list the contents of the module; PennyLane uses
`sphinx-automodapi <https://github.com/astropy/sphinx-automodapi>`__ to automatically
create module listings.

Functions and methods
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The docstring should provide enough information for the reader to call and use the

> function or method without having access tot he code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
function or method without having access to the code.
```

Most functions or methods should have the following structure:

.. code-block:: python

>     def func(arg1, arg2, **kwargs):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    def func(arg1, arg2, kwarg1=val1):
```

Author: Oh, `**kwargs` was intentional here. Named arguments with default values we always include under `Args:`.

Reviewer: k, be good to make that clearer

Author: Done

        """Single sentence that summarizes the function.

>         Multi-line description of the function (optional, if required).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Multi-line description of the function (optional, only if necessary).
```
optional, if required sounded like an oxymoron :)

  copy and paste the example and get the same output. See :ref:`code_examples` for guidelines writing
  useful code examples in docstrings.

* **Usage details:** To provide a more complicated usage details showing different edge cases and
  advanced usage of the function, as well as implementation details. This section of the docstring
  is *collapsed by default* in the rendered Sphinx documentation to avoid overwhelming the reader with
  information, however will be displayed in full to users in the terminal/Jupyter notebooks, so
  do not let this section become too long.

Classes
~~~~~~~

The class docstring is placed directly below the class definition:

.. code-block:: python

    class MyClass:
        """Single sentence that summarizes the class.

        Multi-line description of the class (optional, if required).

        Args:
            arg1 (type): Description.
                Continuation line is indented if needed.
            arg2 (type): description

        Keyword Args:
            kwarg1 (type): description

        Attributes:
            attr1 (type): description

>         Raises:

Reviewer: Optional?

Author: It's one of those things where if we went back to the beginning, I would have made this required. I was hoping by not specifying 'optional', it would slowly be added everywhere by stealth

            ExceptionType: description

        .. seealso:: :func:`~.relevant_func`, :class:`~.RelevantClass` (optional)

        **Example**

        Minimal example with 1 or 2 code blocks (required).

        .. UsageDetails::

            More complicated use cases, options, and larger code blocks (optional).

        **Related tutorials**

        Links to any relevant PennyLane demos (optional).
        """

Docstrings for classes follow a similar structure as functions, with a few differences:

* **Include initialization arguments.** The constructor ``__init__()`` is documented
  here. Note that as the constructor simply returns an instance of the class, no ``Returns:``

>   section is included.

Reviewer: I notice that sometimes people will use inline docstrings inside `__init__` to declare what each attribute does. What do we recommend in that case?

* **Do not list methods and properties.** Class properties and methods will be automatically
  listed alongside the class in the generated documentation.

* **List attributes if relevant.**

> Document all methods and properties as you would for functions above. However, there are two

Reviewer: Perhaps worth clarifying that these are document where they are declared, not in the top class docstring

Author: > Document all methods and properties with docstrings below the method declaration, as you would for functions above. However, there are two exemptions, where docstrings should *not* be provided:

exemptions, where docstrings should *not* be provided:

* **Magic or special methods.** This includes methods such as ``__init__``, ``__call__``,
  ``__len__``, ``__getitem__``, etc. Only provide docstrings for special methods if
  their behaviour is modified in a non-standard way (e.g., if negative indices are allowed
  as arguments for ``__getitem__``).

* **Overwritten methods.** Overwritten inherited methods automatically inherit the parent methods
  docstring, even when overwritten. This is particularly useful when creating an instance
  of an abstract base class; the abstract method docstring is defined in the parent, and automatically
  inherited by the child class, even when overwritten.

  As with special methods, only provide docstrings for overwritten methods if
  their behaviour is modified in a non-standard way (as defined in the parent class).

Variables
~~~~~~~~~

> Module level variables may also be optionally documented, by providing a triple-quote docstring

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Module-level variables may also be optionally documented, by providing a triple-quote docstring
```

Reviewer: I'd love for us to have a link in this document for adjectival phrases (or other basic English gotchas that I'm always correcting during code review)

**below** the variable definition. For example,

.. code-block:: python

    x = {"John": 23, "James": 54}

>     """dict[str, int]: stores the ages of known users"""

Reviewer: I've never seen this done in PL codebase for module-level variables, but I've seen it done for class attributes

Author: There's a weird quirk in sphinx where these are automatically extracted for module level variables, but not class attributes :( so the ones we have for class variables are not appearing in the docs if the `Attributes` section is not provided.

When writing code examples for docstrings, use the following guidelines:

- You may assume that PennyLane is imported as ``qml`` and NumPy is imported as ``np`` in the code examples.
  All other imports must be specified explicitly.

- For single line statements and associated output, use Python console syntax (``pycon``):

  .. code-block:: rest

      >>> circuit(0.5, 0.1)
      [0.43241234312, -0.543534534]

  Multi-line statements should use ``...`` to indicate continuation lines:

  .. code-block:: rest

      >>> dev = qml.device("default.qubit", wires=1)
      >>> @qml.qnode(dev)
      >>> def circuit(x):
      ...     qml.RX(x, wires=0)
      ...     return qml.expval(qml.PauliZ(0))
      >>> circuit(0.5)
      0.8775825618903726

  For larger, more complicated code blocks, favour standard Python code-block with
  Python console syntax for displaying output:

  .. code-block:: rest

      .. code-block:: python3

          dev = qml.device("default.qubit", wires=1)
          @qml.qnode(dev)
          def circuit(x):
              qml.RX(x, wires=0)
              return qml.expval(qml.PauliZ(0))

>       Executing this circuit:

Reviewer: I'm a bit hesitent to recommend this as a standard. It is redundant, and it led to a lot of pollution in the changelog of last version. 
How do you feel about concatenating these two code blocks? (so `>>>` is used in parts but not all)?

Author: I don't think this is possible, these are two separate pygments lexers (`python` and `pycon` respectively). In the best case scenario it will build but the highlighting on the output lines will be incorrect. Worst case scenario the docs will error on building.

There have been a few cases I've had to 'split up' python and pycon syntax into separate blocks because it was breaking the docs.

Author: Should we have an exception for the changelog? No Python code blocks, just pycon?

Reviewer: This one I'm uncertain about. It feels like we're often adding unnecessary text (e.g., "Executing this circuit") not because it's useful, but just to work around quirks of the pygments lexers. 

It's not just the changelog, it appears in the docstrings as well sometimes. I'd prefer if we had a straightforward working procedure that didn't rely on the current pattern of adding unecessary half-sentences just to break up the code blocks to use two different lexers.

Reviewer: Upon retrospection, likely this means we should use the pycon syntax preferentially

Author: > Upon retrospection, likely this means we should use the pycon syntax preferentially

I concur.

There are a few cases where longer code examples are given in the `.. UsageDetails::` directive; examples that come to mind are the templates and QNN layers. Using `pycon` for these larger examples tends to reduce readability, since `pycon` doesn't allow linebreaks/comments are harder to include. I think these are the only places where `python` > `pycon`.

Author: c.f. https://pennylane.readthedocs.io/en/stable/code/api/pennylane.broadcast.html#usageDetails

      >>> circuit(0.5)
      0.8775825618903726

Commenting code
---------------

While docstrings describe *what* a function or class does, or how it is used, **comments**
are used to document the underlying implementation. Use comments where applicable to make
your code easy to follow and understand, keeping to the following guidelines.

* **Use comments to explain the implementation or algorithm, never to describe the code.**
  Assume the reader has basic understanding of common programming principles and syntax.
  Do not assume the reader knows what you're trying to do with it!

  .. note::

      If additional implementation details have been requested by reviewers during code review,
      these must be incorporated as code comments.

* **Code should be self-documented where possible.** Code should be clear and concise,
  with the logical flow easily followed by the reader. This can be done by using common
  programming patterns alongside sensible variable and function names.

  Note that this does not exclude the use of code comments; comments are particularly valuable

>   in quantum software, where the underlying algorithm can be high non-trivial. Rather,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  in quantum software, where the underlying algorithm can be highly non-trivial. Rather,
```

>   self-documented code simply excludes *unnecessary* comments.

Reviewer: :pray:

* **Comments should be as close to the described code as possible.** These can either be
  single- or multi-line comments *above* the described code block,

  .. code-block:: python3

      # Note: in the following template definition, we pass the observable, measurement,
      # and wires as *default arguments* to named parameters. This is to avoid
      # Python's late binding closure behaviour
      # (see https://docs.python-guide.org/writing/gotchas/#late-binding-closures)

      def circuit(params, _obs=obs, _m=m, _wires=wires, **kwargs):
          template(params, wires=_wires, **kwargs)
          return MEASURE_MAP[_m](_obs)

  or, for shorter comments, single line comments at the end of the line.

* **Avoid markup and complex formatting in comments.** Markup, such as text formatting and
  hyperlink markup, are unnecessary in comments as they are not rendered, and will simply
  be read in plain text. Use text formatting sparingly for emphasis, and simply insert URLs

>   directly. In addition, avoid complex formatting such as tables --- these are difficult

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  directly. In addition, avoid complex formatting such as tables---these are difficult
```

  to maintain and modify.

Punctuation and spelling
------------------------

* Use Canadian spellings. That is, "centre" instead of "center", "realize" instead of "realise",
  "acknowledgement" instead of "acknowledgment", "colour" instead of "color", etc.

* Use complete sentences with capitalization and punctuation. The one exemption
  is when describing arguments, return values, attributes, and exceptions; sentence fragments
  may be used for short descriptions:

  .. code-block:: rest

      wires (List[int]): subsystems the operation is applied to
      diff_method (str or None): the method of differentiation to use in the created QNode

>   Longer argument descriptions should use capitalization and punctuation:

Reviewer: It's not necessary "length" that's important, but when the description is more naturally given as multiple sentences, then we prefer that (rather than having awkward semicolon schemes).
e.g.,
```some_arg (int): The argument for the thing. The convention used is ...```

Author: >  Multi-sentence argument descriptions, or longer sentence fragments with mid-sentence punctuation marks, should use full capitalization and punctuation:

Documentation
=============

Good documentation is just as important, if not more important, than the code itself.
**No matter how good the code is**, without decent documentation, users are deterred from
using the library, and developers less likely to contribute.

This document describes the requirements, recommendations, and guides for writing documentation
for PennyLane, as well as details for contributing to and building the PennyLane documentation.

Overview
--------

The PennyLane documentation consists of three main sections:

The introductory 'quickstarts'.
    These are short, referential guides designed to quickly
    guide new users around the core functionality of PennyLane, and show available functions and classes.
    These are summaries, *not* full-form tutorials; all :ref:`code examples are minimal <code_examples>`,
    and readers should be directed to function/class docstrings for more details.

    All introductory quickstarts are in ``doc/introduction``, formatted as reStructuredText documents.

> Developer guides.

Author: Good catch!
```suggestion
Development guides.
```

    Similar to the introductory quickstarts, but focused on information
    regarding how to contribute to the PennyLane codebase.

    Developer guides are in ``doc/development``, formatted as reStructuredText documents.

The API.
    Automatically generated from docstrings in the PennyLane source code. Code stubs, one per
    module, are placed in ``doc/code``. The Sphinx extension
    `sphinx-automodapi <https://github.com/astropy/sphinx-automodapi>`__ is then used
    to automatically generate API documentation pages for public classes and functions
    in ``doc/code/api``.

    PennyLane displays the API using the **import path**---rather than absolute 
    path---of the documented code object.

.. note::

    Long-form tutorials, as well as quantum machine learning theory and background information,
    is not part of the PennyLane documentation. Instead, this content is available over in the

>     `XanaduAI/QML <https://github.com/XanaduAI/qml>`_` GitHub repository (viewable at

Author: Double underscore means that it is an anonymous hyperlink: https://docutils.sourceforge.io/docs/user/rst/quickref.html#indirect-hyperlink-targets

Strictly, ReST expects external hyperlinks should take the following form:

```rest
This sentence contains a link_.

.. _link: https://example.com
```

The advantages being that the main text is more readable. A drawback, however, is that links are 'linked' to their rendered text; attempting to use the same link with different text targets will cause Sphinx to error. Anonymous hyperlinks (double underscore) allows you to re-use the same link with multiple text targets without Sphinx complaining.

We typically tend to use embedded hyperlinks (`This sentence contains a `link <example.com>`_), I suppose due to experience with markdown, where those are the only types of links available.

  ``:func:`map function <~.map>```.

* **Cross reference internal links.** Internal links should *not* use the URL of the built documentation,
  this is unmaintainable and URLs might change in the future. If linking to a particular page, always use
  ``:doc:`relative/path/filename``` or ``:doc:`/absolute/path/filename``` instead of ``:ref:``. Only
  use ``:ref:`` if linking to a particular subsection, and only when necessary.

Modules
~~~~~~~

Every module should begin with the license boilerplate, followed by a module docstring.

The module docstring must contain a short, single sentence summary of the module, followed
by an (optional) multi-line description of the contents and usage.

.. code-block:: rest

    """
    Single sentence that summarizes the module and its contents.

    Optional multi-line description. Make sure to focus on functionality first and
    foremost, and implementation details or background theory afterwards if required.
    """

Do not manually list the contents of the module; PennyLane uses
`sphinx-automodapi <https://github.com/astropy/sphinx-automodapi>`__ to automatically

> create module listings.

Author: Converted this into a warning

Functions and methods
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The docstring should provide enough information for the reader to call and use the
function or method without having access to the code.
Most functions or methods should have the following structure:

.. code-block:: python

    def func(arg1, arg2, arg3="default_value", **kwargs):
        """Single sentence that summarizes the function.

        Multi-line description of the function (optional, only if necessary).

        Args:
            arg1 (type): Description.
                Continuation line is indented if needed.

>             arg2 (type): description

Reviewer: It's written out a bit further below:
```
Use complete sentences with capitalization and punctuation. The one exemption
  is when describing arguments, return values, attributes, and exceptions; sentence fragments
  may be used for short descriptions:
...

  Multi-sentence argument descriptions, or longer sentence fragments with mid-sentence punctuation marks,
  should use full capitalization and punctuation
```

>             arg2 (type): description

Reviewer 2: Thanks @co9olguy. I noticed that, although I'm still wondering if this is better than simply _always_ using capitalisation and punctuation. But I guess it's fine if the convention below is followed as well. :ok_hand:

>             arg2 (type): description

Author: I'll defer to @co9olguy for this one, I don't mind either way. For consistency with existing code base, however, might be easier to keep the existing convention.

is apparent from the signature, it is sufficient for the docstring to simply consist of the single
line summary sentence.

Some notes on the above structure:

* **Function summary:** The summary should provide a brief, basic description of the function. Do not
  include the function or argument names in the summary. It is important that the initial summary
  be a single sentence; Sphinx will truncate the summary at the first period otherwise.

* **Arguments:** To describe named function arguments in the signature. If the type is a PennyLane class or
  function, use the syntax ``(~.Operation)``; do **not** use a Sphinx role such as ``:class:`` or ``:func:``.
  The level of type description is up to the discretion of the code author and reviewers; acceptable
  examples include ``(array)``, ``(array[float])``, ``(dict)``, ``(dict[str, int])``, ``(Sequence[int] or int)``.
  Note that square brakets are used to define the required types of container elements.

  *Note:* if the argument has a default value, *do not* include it in the description if it is declared
  in the signature. Sphinx will automatically extract the default and render it with the argument

>   description.

Author: I tried it, but it looks a bit ugly since it is nested inside the bullet point list

  ``**kwargs``. Provide the default values if relevant.

* **Returns:/Yields:** To describe the return (yielded) value of the function (generator). This may
  be omitted if the function signature/summary already sufficiently describe both the return value
  and type.

* **See also:** Provide optional links to relevant pages, functions, classes, methods, etc.

* **Example:** To provide a minimal working example showing basic usage of the function. The example
  should be *minimal* (reduce line counts where possible), but complete; a reader should be able to
  copy and paste the example and get the same output. See :ref:`code_examples` for guidelines writing
  useful code examples in docstrings.

* **Usage details:** To provide a more complicated usage details showing different edge cases and
  advanced usage of the function, as well as implementation details. This section of the docstring
  is *collapsed by default* in the rendered Sphinx documentation to avoid overwhelming the reader with
  information, however will be displayed in full to users in the terminal/Jupyter notebooks, so
  do not let this section become too long.

> 

Author: I think this is very Numba specific for now. Most decorators, especially the ones we code ourselves, use `functools.wraps` so that the wrapped function docstring is copied into the decorated function. Unfortunately, Numba doesn't seem to do this.

Regardless, since this is very Sphinx/Numba dependent, and could be fixed with updates, I don't think it fits in the general guidelines document.

> 

Author: An exception would be if we converge on a temporary solution for Numba decorated functions. If it differs from the above procedure, then we should add it to this page

> 

Reviewer 2: I see. I agree that it might not be needed in that case. I guess it depend on how often developers might use decorators that are not using `functool.wraps`.

Classes
~~~~~~~

The class docstring is placed directly below the class definition:

.. code-block:: python

    class MyClass:
        """Single sentence that summarizes the class.

        Multi-line description of the class (optional, if required).

        Args:
            arg1 (type): Description.
                Continuation line is indented if needed.
            arg2 (type): description

        Keyword Args:

>             kwarg1 (type): description

Author: I'm not sure I follow which one you are referring to @thisac?

>             kwarg1 (type): description

Reviewer 2: Just a nitpick; I meant that here it says `kwarg1 (type): description` while a few lines above, in functions and methods, it says `kwarg1 (type): Description. Provide the default value if applicable.`. I understand that both types are accepted (since it's described a bit further down under Punctuation and spelling), although when reading I found it a tiny bit confusing regarding what convention was to be used. Could perhaps the Punctuation and spelling section be moved up so that the reader would know those rules before being presented with these examples?

>             kwarg1 (type): description

Author: Good point, I'll move punctuation and spelling up!

>             kwarg1 (type): description

Author: Done

Variables
~~~~~~~~~

Module-level variables may also be optionally documented, by providing a triple-quote docstring
**below** the variable definition. For example,

.. code-block:: python

    x = {"John": 23, "James": 54}
    """dict[str, int]: stores the ages of known users"""

The syntax is the same as those used for describing function arguments.

.. _code_examples:

Code examples
-------------

Code examples are very important; they *show* readers how the function or class should be used.
When writing code examples for docstrings, use the following guidelines:

- You may assume that PennyLane is imported as ``qml`` and NumPy is imported as ``np`` in the code examples.
  All other imports must be specified explicitly.

- For single line statements and associated output, use Python console syntax (``pycon``):

  .. code-block:: rest

      >>> circuit(0.5, 0.1)
      [0.43241234312, -0.543534534]

  Multi-line statements should use ``...`` to indicate continuation lines:

  .. code-block:: rest

      >>> dev = qml.device("default.qubit", wires=1)
      >>> @qml.qnode(dev)
      >>> def circuit(x):
      ...     qml.RX(x, wires=0)

>       ...     return qml.expval(qml.PauliZ(0))

Reviewer 2: These two are rendered in grey and not in black as the rest of the code (as if they were comments). Could this be because of the `.. code-block:: rest`? Shouldn't this be a `python3` block?

Author: This should be `rest`, since the code-block is showing the excerpt from a reStructuredText document. Unfortunately, it looks like the pygments `rest` lexer is not smart enough to know that `>>>` and `...` are valid rest syntax 😢

Author: I've changed it to `.. code-block:: pycon`, even though it's not ideal :(

are used to document the underlying implementation. Use comments where applicable to make
your code easy to follow and understand, keeping to the following guidelines.

* **Use comments to explain the implementation or algorithm, never to describe the code.**
  Assume the reader has basic understanding of common programming principles and syntax.
  Do not assume the reader knows what you're trying to do with it!

  .. note::

      If additional implementation details have been requested by reviewers during code review,
      these must be incorporated as code comments.

* **Code should be self-documented where possible.** Code should be clear and concise,
  with the logical flow easily followed by the reader. This can be done by using common
  programming patterns alongside sensible variable and function names.

  Note that this does not exclude the use of code comments; comments are particularly valuable
  in quantum software, where the underlying algorithm can be highly non-trivial. Rather,
  self-documented code simply excludes *unnecessary* comments.

* **Comments should be as close to the described code as possible.** These can either be

>   single- or multi-line comments *above* the described code block,

Reviewer 2: Should a single line comment have an empty line between the comment or the line as in the example below, or should it actually be right above (as close as possible)?

Author: I'm happy to leave this up to the code author/code review. But I think you're right, this particular example is confusing, so I've removed the line break.

To build the documentation, in addition to the standard PennyLane dependencies,
the following additional packages are required:

* `Sphinx <http://sphinx-doc.org/>`_ == 2.2.2
* `sphinx-automodapi <https://github.com/astropy/sphinx-automodapi>`__
* `pygments-github-lexers <https://github.com/liluo/pygments-github-lexers>`_
* `m2r <https://github.com/miyakogi/m2r>`_
* `sphinx-copybutton <https://github.com/ExecutableBookProject/sphinx-copybutton>`_

In addition, some pages in the documentation have additional dependencies:

* The latest version of PyTorch and TensorFlow are required to build the interface documentation,
* The latest version of TensorNetwork is required to build the ``default.tensor`` documentation, and
* PennyLane-QChem must be installed to build the quantum chemistry documentation.

These can all be installed via ``pip``:

.. code-block:: console

    $ pip install -r doc/requirements.txt

To build the HTML documentation, go to the top-level directory and run

.. code-block:: bash

    make docs

The documentation can then be found in the :file:`doc/_build/html/` directory.

.. note::

    To build the interfaces documentation, PyTorch and TensorFlow will need to

>     be installed, see :ref:`install_interfaces`.

Reviewer: No stance wrt type hints? :grin:

Author: I feel like type hints are a separate document 🙃
